Update README.md (#21)
danielfett/inetbox.py: README.md

#### Changing settings

> In general, before you change a setting, restart the service (`sudo systemctl restart miqro_truma`) and wait a minute or so until the first set of values has been published. Then publish a message to `service/truma/set/<setting>` (where `<setting>` is one of the settings published in `service/truma/control_status/#)` with the value you want to set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, before changing any settings, restart the service (`sudo systemctl restart miqro_truma`) and wait a minute or so until the first set of values has been published. Then publish a message to `service/truma/set/<setting>` (where `<setting>` is one of the settings published in `service/truma/control_status/#)` with the value you want to set.
```
